.. post:: 2024-01-12
   :tags: training

Analysis of 4D-STEM DATA @ NTNU, 11-13th of June 2024
=====================================================

A workshop on 4D-STEM (big) data analysis will be organized at NTNU in Trondheim, Norway,
11-13th of June 2024. This year’s workshop will focus on how we can analyze (big) data from
different 4D-STEM techniques and understand and utilize data from new detectors. New
possibilities given by better cameras, post processing and data analysis have developed
largely during the last years. In three days, invited experts and skilled educators in this field
will address the essentials and the latest developments through hands-on practical computer
sessions. The workshop will cover analysis of several types of 4D-STEM techniques, like
scanning precession electron diffraction (SPED), ptychography and differential phase
contrast (DPC). We will teach how to use various open-source scientific Python packages
(including pyxem and Hyperspy) to analyze diffraction data, and in particular big datasets.


We invite PhD students, postdocs and researchers working with 4D-STEM in the physical
sciences to participate!

See https://www.ntnu.edu/temgemini/nordtemhub for more details and updated info!


Invited speakers and course leaders:
------------------------------------

• Timothy Pennycook, EMAT, Antwerp University, Belgium
• Carter Francis, University of Wisconsin- Madison, USA
• Local staff; Magnus Nord, Tina Bergh, Gregory Nordahl, Ruben Bjørge, Oskar Ryggetangen and more from NTNU, Norway

Registration:
-------------

Participation is free, but you have to register before 15th May 2024.
Registration can be done here; https://nettskjema.no/a/nordtemhub
There will be a maximum of 50 participants. In case of large interest, priority will be given to
early career scientists active in the field and a spread of different countries/labs.

Questions?
----------
Contact Randi Holmestad, randi.holmestad@ntnu.no, Department of Physics, NTNU
